README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Typescript (#1)
* typescript

* remove built file

README.md, after:

# Weighted Voronoi
This project contains Botty McBotFace's final artifact for
Heuristic Problem Solving Fall 2018 at NYU

## Technologies Used:
- Typescript
- React
- Material-UI
- create-react-app

## Deploying:
- To course site:
    - Make sure the `homepage` attribute insides `package.json` is set correctly, for example, it should be [https://cims.nyu.edu/drecco2016/games/weight_voronoi](https://cims.nyu.edu/drecco2016/games/weight_voronoi) or something similar
    - If you have rsync:
        - run `npm buildcourse` or `yarn buildcourse` and you should be set, the directory `weighted_voronoi` should be created and this directory can be directly placed inside the `games/` directory
    - The manual way:
        - run `npm build` or `yarn build`
        - Drag contents of build/ folder (only the contents, not the folder itself) into weighted/voronoi
        - Change index.html to iframe.html
    - Note that using this method of deployment, you will need to embed this game as an `<iframe>` on your webpage.
- To gh-pages:
    - Make sure the `homepage` attribute insides `package.json` is set correctly
    - Download the `gh-pages` package and follow the instructions there

## Create React App Config:
This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
